And we all heard that so many times, we're going to restant in our beautiful motivation
and in joy and appreciation and thankful, grateful, and to the all, to the great teacher of Buddha
Hehkamuni. From that on, onward, until now, all the lineage masters, lineage practitioners,
who kept up these practices and teachings, and not just Buddha taught 600 years ago,
and then it's continuing now. Until now, this was made by all the lineage masters, the
practitioners.
As the teachings said, we pray. The one who holds the teachings, they stay a long time.
One who spreads out the teachings, only in the whole universe or the world, they stay
and, again, as we join the prayer, I don't really know how to translate it, that in English,
but temple, pajora, lama, shapiti, tindhi, kiwu, satin, yawma, shapsi. That's all the
practitioners made the spread out throughout the world. But who is really keeping up that
teaching? It's the practitioners. All the practitioners, such like you and me, we all
practice them. That's what the dharmas are keeping up. And that is known as the holder
of the teachings. The holder of the teaching is not just one individually person, that
is named as holder. That may be. But holder of the teaching is a Sangha member. That's
why Sangha members are so precious. Precious Sanghas. Precious Buddha taught the teaching.
Precious Dharma is here because of the Sangha member, a devoted practitioner. They are the
holder of the teachings. So they keep this teaching and we got this now. We are connected
to that. Therefore, thankful, joyful, happy, joy, and appreciative. We are part of that
golden chain and always in the teachings, stainless golden chain, that continually carried. Also,
the natural like teaching, the distilled natural like teachings, that gracious teacher,
Buddha Shaktamani shared, and continually carried that without dilute it, dilute it,
and without mixed up. They kept that with honor, with respect, courage, and a commitment.
And observe that with each of their own heart, and also share that with others in that context.
Therefore, lineage teaching is known as natural like teachings. Chain of the stainless golden
teachings. Today, we are all connected to that great teaching, that great lineage. Not just
connected, we are upholding that according to our best capabilities. Therefore, grateful,
happy, and joyful. At the same time, may I be able to hold this teaching by the practice,
meditation, and studying, contemplating, until I reach the enlightenment in order to benefit
for all living beings, having those attitude in the heart and the mind with full joy. That is,
in the teaching, said great offerings, great military activities. Gracious teacher,
Buddha Shaktamani, and Gurbam are some of all the lineage masters in their environment. For them,
the entire universe is wealth. They don't need wealth. They don't need material works, material
wealth. But one who holds the teaching, that which is to gain of their interest, gain of their
teaching. Which is, because this teaching, again, great master Shanti Deva said, that we join,
souls of every joy. And medicine that was dispelled, one medicine dispelled or dispelled,
all the suffering, sadness, and souls by every joy is the teaching. That is not just a bragging,
arrogantly making statement. What is really teaching? Teaching is nothing but 100 percent
loving kindness, 100 percent compassion, 100 percent how to benefit, help to everyone,
bring joy, peace, and calmness now, and continue to last forever. For that's why we joined,
breathe, such as, may all living beings have preformed suffering. But then we not just say
suffering, cause of sufferings, broad mind, very strong statement, not just a temporary solution.
The permanent solution for all living beings, preformed sufferings, cause of sufferings,
may they all have the joy and happiness, and also cause of happiness, the joy.
Those, that's the teaching. And that is the source of every joy
for all living beings without any discriminations. Not saying we are high and you are for us.
Everyone is equal, everyone has a right, everyone is longing, therefore joy and peace, happiness.
That's the great for that reason, the great Master Shandi Deva said, source of every joy.
The one medicine that killed all sufferings, that's the teaching. That is the teaching.
So therefore, I mean again, this is so special. We are all connected and thankful, grateful,
with courage and commitment, loyalty and confidence, and pray that we continue to hold this up,
hold this teaching in our heart and mind and share the others, and not just only that,
throughout our lifetimes, until I become the brotherhood, until all living beings are
enlightenment, may I able to hold teaching and continue caring. That is the statement,
wish of all the bodhisattvas, all those great Masters, great practitioners. As I said,
we make that statement, that is great offering. But great Master Moharramudya said,
when he wrote such famous commentary on the Mademaka Alankara, that which is written by the
great Master Shanda Rakchata and his statements, he said that the great Master Shanda Rakchata
don't need gold and the syllabus, all that. But when you hold up the teachings that will benefit
to all the sentient beings, that is the great offerings, great offering, marital activities.
So great Master Moharramudya said, wherever this great teacher is watching me, watching me,
I make these offerings to please him. So may I hold this great teaching. That's what the statement
meant by the great Master Moharramudya, it's true. In the teaching, see, one holds up the teaching
practice and helping sentient beings with bodhisattva, love and kindness, that is the
great offerings, great marital activities for us and also big mental offerings to all the beings.
So again, with the beautiful intentions taught, all those joy and appreciation,
to get with the bodhisattva, again, it's the love and kindness to compare you to all sentient
beings.
May that my practice, the meditation of the Chifsuyunyakta, may I actualize this lifetime,
this realization, really exactly as the great Master Shanda Rakchata and the benefits of all
living beings, being second, really reaching those sincerity from heart and mind, then that is
really
the big, good practitioners and that we're making meaning for our lives. The remaining love,
whatever
we have, we're making good, meaningful. We're carrying something, good impact. We're carrying
beautiful treasures with us, not going to leave behind us, become maybe cause of the argument and
fighting, but we are going to carry that with our, that treasures, treasures and going to
lemonade and bright up our part of stages and bright up our futures and then bright up
some degree of the living beings and sentient beings, those we connect